Notes from the PSSA
Submitted by Bob Smith, president of the PSSA

MISSION STATEMENT

<em>The PSSA exists to enhance the overall work environment of the Brookhaven College Professional Support Staff, assist the student body through scholarships and other endeavors  and work to uphold the image of Brookhaven College in general.</em>

CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR MEMBERS

Courtney Chambers, a great niece of <strong>Pat Byars</strong>, a Friend of the PSSA, has been accepted into the School of Journalism Honors Program at the University of Missouri.  Go Tigers!

Bridget Lynch, daughter of <strong>Laurey Lynch</strong> has been awarded the St. Edward’s Trustee’s Distinguished Scholar Award as well as other academic scholarships.  Bridget will be attending St. Edward’s University this fall after attending Brookhaven College this summer.

Bridget has just cut her waist length hair to donate to “Locks of Love,” an organization that processes human hair into wigs for financially disadvantaged children who experience long-term hair loss due to medical conditions such as alopecia areata and from chemo treatments for cancer.


Andrea Lundy, granddaughter of <strong>Arlene Pike</strong>, for whom the Homolopsis Pikeae was named, will graduate this month from Joshua High School in Joshua, Texas, with a near perfect grade point average! She is graduating in the top tier of her class and will attend Columbia College in Chicago this fall; she intends to major in interior design.  Her academic achievements include the publication of two poems.  

Another of Arlene’s granddaughters, Sara McClendon will graduate from Buffalo High School, in Buffalo, Mo., later this month.  Sara also is an achiever; she has held the position of class president and student council president, she has had perfect attendance throughout her high school years and will graduate with a near perfect GPA!  In the fall, Sara will be attending Southeast Missouri State University located in Cape Girardeau, Missouri.  

NEW PSSA MEMBERS & FRIENDS OF THE PSSA

New Members:		Joe Sanders in the Admissions Office,
Monica Hernandez, working with the FIPSE grant,
Jill Williams in School of the Arts,
Barbara Szabo in the Police Department, and 
Donna Baker in Instructional Support and Outreach

New FOTP:			Nita Drescher, developmental reading professor, and 
Nancy Barlow, English professor

The PSSA welcomes each of you!

NOTE:
	If you are not a PSSA member or a Friend of the PSSA, you are encouraged to join.  Interested individuals should stop by the Student Services Center, Room S072, and, after paying the $5 dues, Mildred Kelley will add you to the membership roll.

MEMBER PROFILE

In this issue of the <i>Courtyard Chatter</i> the PSSA recognizes another long-time and very valued PSS employee and PSSA member, <strong>Oscar Valdez</strong>.  Oscar has been employed at Brookhaven for 12 years and actually has three jobs.  First, Oscar is a HVAC technician; he has performed these services for the entire 12 years and he believes he is the best technician on campus. He also holds two part-time college positions. For the past three years he has worked as an assistant in the Corporate and Continuing Education Division where he performs various customer tasks such as assisting students with registration, and in recent months he has taken a second part-time job as a Web developer in Marketing and Public Information Office.  In July when a building has no cool air, I bet we know which of his three areas of expertise will be in the greatest demand!

Oscar has an associate degree in air conditioning and heating from Eastfield College and a bachelor’s degree in computer information systems from Our Lady of The Lake University. (As an aside it must be noted that the educational and training depth of the Brookhaven College PSS is amazing!)

Oscar very much enjoys his positions at Brookhaven.  He considers the campus a 	great place to earn an education, considers the people to be very friendly and as a plus, the location is close to his house so he does not care how high gasoline prices go.  During his 12 plus years at Brookhaven, Oscar has seen significant changes and growth.  He has seen the S, J and M buildings being constructed and assisted in the HVAC operations and balancing, which is no easy feat.  He is amazed with the rapid change in computer technology and the effect it has had in his life both personally and professionally.

Oscar and his wife, Maria Del Socorro Valdez, live in Richardson and have two boys, Vicente and Emmanuel who are three and one years old, respectively.  While he is not working at one of his three jobs Oscar likes to play football soccer and he also enjoys jogging.  If you watch, you may see him taking advantage of the Brookhaven jogging trail.

When you see Oscar around the campus please introduce yourself if you are not acquainted, and ask him about the circumstances surrounding his meeting Earl Campbell of the Houston Oilers.  Is there a possible fourth job in his future?

Oscar, thanks for being here!

MEETINGS AND OTHER BUSINESS	

The annual PSSA flower sale was a great success and the PSSA offers its thanks to the entire campus community.  Special thanks goes to those individuals who worked very hard to make it happen and particularly to <strong>Sarah Graifemberg</strong> who spearheaded the event. 

At the April PSSA meeting, the member attendees voted to contribute funds to the Brookhaven Student Book Fund and the Employees Emergency Fund.  For these and other details please refer to the minutes of the meeting.  These contributions as well as others would not be possible without the support of the PSSA members, the Friends of the PSSA and the college in general.  

Upcoming events include the monthly PSSA meetings scheduled for May 23, June 21 and July 25.  After June, because of accommodations being made for the Early College High School classes, it may be necessary to move from our usual Room A203 meeting place; you will be notified of any changes.

In late May, the PSSA will be conducting a survey of the PSS to gather their input regarding the association and other items of interest.  <strong>Mathewos Kassa</strong> has computerized the survey and will give us a short demonstration at the May 23 meeting; please plan to attend.

Our membership continues to grow and we encourage the membership and active involvement of all professional support staff.  

If anyone has items for inclusion in this column relating to the PSSA, FOTP or members please let me know.



