Thank You Notes

<em>The President’s Office received two special thank you notes highlighting some of the outstanding faculty members who have helped and fostered students to reach their goals and to complete their courses successfully. </em> 


To the office of:
President Sharon L. Blackman, Ed D.

	It is with great pleasure that I am writing this letter to you about a member of your faculty, <strong>Ms. (Marla) Owens</strong> has so impressed me with her abilities as a teacher of developmental mathematics that I felt no other recourse but to let you know of them.

	During my two-plus-year tenure here at Brookhaven, with the exception of two teachers, I have had plenty of good instructors and a few great ones, yet I have never had an exceptional teacher like the one I’ve found in Ms. Owens. My transcript should indicate to you the type of student that I am. I take my studies very seriously and my GPA reflects this. With this in mind, my previous teacher in DMAT 0099 had teaching methods that were not productive despite my best effort to understand her.

	This is not the case with Ms. Owens’ class as I have passed both DMAT 0098 and 0099 without any problems. It also is because of Ms. Owens  that I am completely prepared for the Introduction to Statistics class. Without her patience, her invaluable insight, her ability to prepare us for the material on tests, I, and those who attend with me, would not have had much of a chance at all. Ms. Owens’ amiable nature encourages a synergistic environment that fosters growth while challenging the student to achieve more than they might have thought possible. 

	Ms. Owens deserves recognition for her abilities and I felt the least I could do, was to shine a little light upon some of her accomplishments. Brookhaven College has rarely disappointed me, and certainly with teachers such as Ms. Owens, it has surpassed my expectations. Thank you for providing us with such an invaluable teacher. 

Sincerely,

Solomon Odom
Phi Theta Kappa, public affairs officer




Dear Dr. Blackman,

My wife and I had the good fortune to take a course taught by Ms. Amolisch, POFI 1104 Computer Fundamentals Internet-Advanced.  She has a rare talent to make a subject which could be dry, interesting.

You are very fortunate to have her on your faculty.

Sincerely,

Wm. T. Ward


